>> Brian: First thing,
I need you to be on Node.
If you're above 4, then you're golden.
I actually installed Node 7 yesterday,
so it'll be Node 7.
But you can be on Node 6,
anything above 4, and you're good to go.
You could even be an io.js.
It would still work just fine.
So we're not gonna be doing
anything too crazy with Node today.
It just definitely has to be above 0.10.
If you're on .10,
you're gonna have a bad time.
If you're on .12,
you're gonna have a partially bad time.
So just be above 4.
>> Brian: I use nvm.
I strongly recommend it.
You do not have to, but
I found it to be a very useful tool.
>> Brian: And I think that they have
fixed using Homebrew for installation.
But I have historically had problems
with installing Node via Homebrew.
So if you did and you have permission
problems, that's likely the reason.
>> Brian: Cool, so yeah,
I think I'm on 7.0.0 today for Node.
>> Brian: Okay, we're gonna use Yarn
today, because it's new and shiny and fun.
[LAUGH] And that's kind of the point
of these workshops, is to use new and
shiny and fun things.
So let's talk about what Yarn is.
Yarn came out maybe, I dunno,
a couple months ago, a month ago.
And it kind of replaces npm for
doing installs.
But let's actually dive
a little bit into that.
So typically you would've been used to
seeing npm install --save react, right?
Like that looks familiar
if you're a Node developer.
That's just saying pull this off the npm
registry, install it on my computer.
Or install it particularly
into this project,
and then save that to my package.json.
That's what that command does, right?
So, instead of that,
you're going to run yarn add react.
And that's gonna do
the same sort of thing.
But the big difference is, is if you
actually go into our project here, so
let's open our project.
>> Speaker 2: I have a question.
And I'm not sure how it fits in,
so I'm just gonna ask it.
>> Brian: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Richard is asking,
can we use import and
still do server-side rendering?
>> Brian: The answer is yes, and
we will get there late tomorrow.
But good question.
>> Brian: Okay, so
we have our package.json here,
which came with the start branch.
So typically we would be doing all
these dependencies individually.
I just did them all for you.
Because there's a lot of them and
that would be a lot of installation.
So typically you would come in here and
say, npm install, and
get all the dependencies installed for
you.
Instead we are gonna use yarn.
And what yarn does that's peculiar
as compared to npm is npm installs
are not deterministic.
Which is just a really fancy computer
science term that just means that you
can't run it from any state and
end up in the same state, right?
So if I install partially some of these
dependencies and then go back later and
install some different ones, and
then I do it a different way again,
I'm not gonna end up with
the same node modules directly.
It's gonna install them
in different structures.
It's going to be different every
single time that I run it.
Which, if anyone has ever dealt
with non-determinism in their app,
that's just a non-start.
Like it's a really, really bad thing to
not be able to reliably do the same thing
every single time, right?
So the smart people over at
Facebook said this is a problem.
We need to fix this, right?
So they came up with this Yarn
library that you can install these
dependencies in any order, at any time,
in any way, shape, or form.
And you always end up with the same
structure in the same way.
And that's the core value proposition
of Yarn, is that it's deterministic,
it's faster.
Typically npm installs for a big project
like the Netflix project takes like
two minutes to get through all
of its dependencies to install.
Yarn does it in like 10 seconds,
12 seconds.
And then if you get it cached,
it's even faster than that.
So Yarn is fantastic for building apps.
So if you have a Node project or
anything that has a package.json for
an app, I highly suggest using Yarn today.
It's stable, it's good,
it's really, really cool.
Where Yarn kinda falls apart,
because it has this locked down
dependency tree, is building libraries.
Cuz you want libraries to be a little bit
fuzzier with which packages they pull in.
The reason being is if I have a person
that's pulling in my library.
And they have one version of Lodash, and
I'm using a different version of Lodash.
And you don't want to have to include two
different Lodashs if you don't have to.
So that kind of fuzzy
version matching that you
get from npm is a little
bit better to work with.
So I suggest using Yarn for apps,
not necessarily for libraries.
What I was gonna show you
is this yarn.lock file,
which is what Yarn generates.
And you can see here,
[LAUGH] look how huge this is.
This is all the dependencies for
our particular project.
>> Speaker 2: So, I mean, maybe you
don't know the Rails ecosystem, but
this is like Bundler, basically?
Yarn is like Bundler?
>> Brian: I think that's
an apt comparison.
But not knowing enough about-
>> Speaker 2: Right, yeah, I'm sorry.
>> Brian: But yeah,
I think that sounds about right to me.
I know when they built Yarn they brought
in Yehuda Katz, who did Cargo for Rust.
I think he also worked on Bundler.
But he's definitely the Rails guy,
right, or one of the Rails people.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian: And he was one of the chief
architects of how this works.
So, yes, Yarn is awesome.
I definitely suggest it.
>> Brian: So, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Alexander asked a question.
What is the stack used at Netflix
database backend and frontend?
>> Brian: That is a wildly
complex question to answer.
>> Speaker 2: I would imagine, yeah.
>> Brian: But to give you the too long,
didn't read, version of it,
I work on the Node part,
which is kind of the aggregation layer.
And that's written in Restify,
Node, we use React.
>> Brian: Yeah, Restify is probably
the most interesting part.
And then we have a microservice
architecture that we just pull in from
different services.
And those, for the most part,
are written in JVM languages.
And then they have their own databases,
each one of them, so.
>> Speaker 2: Just a question
on the yarn.lock file.
How does that differ from
like an npm shrinkwrap?
>> Brian: Yeah, so shrinkwrap kind
of aims to address the same problem.
If you've ever had to deal with
committing and modifying shrinkwrap,
it's problematic, to say the least.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian: And
the Yarn file is much easier.
I've never had to modify
a Yarn file by hand.
And I definitely have had to
modify shrinkwrap by hand.
>> Brian: I guess my answer
to that question is,
I'm not sure the internals
of why they're different.
But I will tell you that I
find Yarn works a lot better.
>> Speaker 2: If you were to do
a yarn add lodash, and Lodash hadn't
previously been there,
does Yarn know to update the lock file?
>> Brian: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: I've run into issues
with shrinkwrap and, it's frustrating.
>> Brian: Yeah, no, the yarn.lock file,
you don't have to do anything for it.
There's no special commands for it.
It's automatically just kept up to
date every time you do a yarn blah.
Like yarn remove,
yarn add automatically updates yarn.lock.
>> Speaker 2: Thank you.
>> Brian: Yep,